it's hard to be sex positive
and that's because it's hard to be
positive about
human nature when you talk to some young
people
teenagers and early 20s they sometimes
say things to you like
they believe the ideal way to organize
society
is just to have everybody carrying a
loaded gun at all times because then
there wouldn't be any crime
nobody would get mugged if everyone had
military training and was
carrying a gun at all times yeah you
know the problem with what you're
telling me is
that you're talking about people
have you have you met any people do you
know any people
it's not the guns that are the problem
in this equation
have you ever have you ever seen what
happens
when two people start a fist fight in a
movie theater
have you and of course they haven't been
in these kinds of situations i remember
fights breaking out in china and uh
in internet cafes
and then the mob mentality takes over
and none of those people well they had
no
no weapons but their keyboards
um what happens when one shot
gets fired in a darkened movie theater
then everyone else
whips out their guns it's hard to be
positive
about the right to bear arms because
of human nature it's hard to be positive
about
our rights and privileges and freedoms
in terms of sexuality and even about
freedom of speech because of human
nature and we are living
in a day and age when anyone can create
a website
titled blank is a sexual predator
fill in the blank with your name or the
name of some loved one you have
blank is abusive to women anyone can
make
any allegation on the internet if you
have a little little bit of fame
here on youtube instagram social media
those accusations could have terrible
haunting long-term consequences for all
of the people involved including the
person
making the allegations quote on november
26 2020 i was at a small thanksgiving
gathering that kevin organized at his
now current girlfriend's house
late into the night after hours of
dancing
drinking eating etc everyone left the
house except for me
tyler and kevin as well as two other
activists who went upstairs to sleep
we will hear more from that upstairs
perspective
in just a few minutes kevin then began
pressuring me into having a threesome
with him and his best friend
tyler while we were all heavily
intoxicated he relentlessly and
belligerently yelled for tyler to take
off his pants
so that i could quote suck his dick
close quote
without asking or getting my clear
consent and in fact
after i was repeatedly telling him to
stop kevin was yelling this
for what was probably 40 or more minutes
while saying things like
quote look at this hot girl doesn't she
have a nice ass
don't you want to stick your dick in her
close quote
i remember laughing out of awkwardness
feeling very confused and objectified by
kevin
and not thinking that anything sexual
would actually happen
that night sidney jesperson replies
today i was shocked and saddened here
that rachel ziegler has come out and
accused tyler and kevin of sexual abuse
these are baseless unfounded ridiculous
claims and i can attest to this as i was
present the night the alleged abuse took
place
i'm the activist sleeping upstairs
mentioned in her statement
to be clear i'm not discussing michelle
or cat
only rachel thanksgiving day i went to
meet up with rachel and kevin in la
she was obsessed with the song [ __ ] wet
ass
make that pull out game week and kept
playing it on the tv
she was dancing laughing and drinking
she was partying
she continued to drink more of her own
free will getting louder and talking
about orgies
eventually people left so me and my
partner went upstairs to sleep
once talk of hooking up was heard it
became clear who was the uncomfortable
one
tyler he was in a relationship at the
time and resisted rachel's physical and
verbal fontling
she was the one pressuring him and he
was the one saying
no tyler admitted he found racial
attractive
but didn't think it was a good idea
rachel was the one who violated consent
that night
tyler is the victim of that night it's
quite a stretch to go from talking about
having orgies with kevin and tyler
to abuse rachel even laughed at one
point saying
quote i wonder if they me and my partner
can hear us
i replied yes and their party continued
rachel and kevin kept telling tyler to
take his pants off and the rest is
history
rachel got the sexual experience she
wanted and we all protested the next day
rachel also changed the group chat name
to
orgy crew believe it or not there are
screenshots to back this claim up is
offended by cardi and megan ryman i'm
more offended by trump inviting and [ __ ]
the dnc and all the staffers and [ __ ]
trump bunch of racist crackers the state
of america i'm quite embarrassed the cop
in a racist bite in harris
it continues uh along these lines
uh and it gets significantly
significantly more vulgar
fast forward to the end of january
rachel invites tyler and myself to come
stay in her home for the san francisco
sax protest she was hesitant for one
reason only
covid19 and worried her roommates might
not feel comfortable with us being there
that's it not because of what happened
thanksgiving 2020.
tyler was invariably invited upstairs to
rachel's room
to you know do it this was 100
consensual that same night i was
sleeping downstairs and overheard rachel
expressing remorse for what she did to
kevin
she admitted he didn't abuse her but he
was too rough for her liking
she said she felt bad for getting him
banned by dxe
back in december rachel had amicable
dialogues with kevin
even apologizing for lashing out and
being overly emotional
she said she wanted to repair the
relationship and continue on
as friends returning to rachel's version
of events
while kevin was yelling for tyler and i
to have sex i kept repeating
tyler has a girlfriend i'm not going to
do that to her
i respect her after a while of me saying
this
tyler eventually said that he and his
girlfriend had an agreement
where they could sleep with other people
if it was a one-time thing
i didn't know what at the time but this
was never an agreement that they had
tyler was lying about this in order to
get my consent
tyler then continuously encouraged me to
keep drinking
knowing that this would be more likely
to lead to me
saying yes it first began by tyler and i
awkwardly kissing on the floor of the
kitchen
kevin began cheering at this victory and
persisting that we keep going
yes that's a misuse of the word
persisting but
i won't digress i remember feeling a
sense of being
put on display for his amusement and
being reminded of frat house party
scenes and movies
tyler was the first to take off an
article of clothing before they both
pressured me to take off mine as well
saying okay rachel your turn it
eventually led to us moving from the
kitchen
to one of the bedrooms where the
threesome happened which i was barely
conscious for
i was so drunk that the next day i had
to ask tyler if there was penetration
because i couldn't remember he assured
me that there was
along with other details that i couldn't
remember
[Music]
up to 80 percent or more men can get a
meaningful response in their sexual
abilities it may last six to 24 months
and may make them more uh agreeable to
responding to drugs like viagra
libitra and alice or maybe not needing
those drugs at all
up and down in this case the right side
up and down the left side maybe down the
top it's not more sensitive it's just
the problem when you get way out to the
tip
not where the tangerines are let's make
it a little more
accurate you do where the banana inserts
into the body
a little bit in that area i think i'm
pretty awesome
like i think i'm relatively attractive
i now have boobs which i didn't have
like
three hours ago but okay um also
i'm like relatively smart as well pretty
funny
have a little bit of a personality there
all in all i think i'm swell
i think i'm pretty awesome kevin
apologized the next day in a drunk text
but admitted that even though his
behavior was wrong and terrible
that he just couldn't help himself
because he was so attracted to me
and that knowing himself would probably
try to do it again tonight
he also continued to use similarly poor
judgment the rest of the week
such as grabbing me in bed initiating
sex despite us agreeing on being
platonic friends
and regularly driving while intoxicated
on thanksgiving of 2020 november 26th
myself kevin olive and rachel ziegler
participated in a consensual sexual
experience
there was another activist listening to
this entire event take place
from the bedroom upstairs the following
day
november 27th rachel sent me a text
saying
one of the first things i said to kevin
when i woke up was is it weird that i
want to have sex with tyler again
as well as i was not expecting that all
to go down at all
but definitely was not upset by it
either
there are indeed screenshots to back up
these
particular claims she also changed the
name of our thanksgiving group chat
which included five other activists to
maximum wet
orgy crew three months later
rachel and i also engaged in intercourse
for a second time
during a trip to the bay for a protest i
believe rachel has misrepresented me
however rachel is a member of the animal
rights community
and deserves a voice while i reject the
notion that there was any sort of
consent issue with me
rachel and kevin i also understand that
emotions are complex
and that she is entitled to a change of
heart around the event
there is quite a bit more reading you
can do
contrasting the primary sources for
yourself
as this controversy unfolds and i am
providing you with the links
below this video the most important
conclusions for you to draw here
don't concern the autobiographies of
these three or six
or nine vegan activists nor the strange
fate
of their particular love triangles love
pentagons or other complex geometric
configurations of
how they sexually connected to one
another the conclusions you need to draw
are about yourself they're about how
you're going to live
your own life what terms and conditions
you're going to impose
on your own love life as i said at the
start of this video
it's very hard to be sex
positive it's hard and yet in some sense
i would urge you to take up the
challenge
to not let yourself give into the
pessimism
of being a sex negative person
it may seem like a strange thing to
insist on but what i find myself saying
here on youtube
again and again and again is that you
really
should care you really need to care
about the intellectual and moral
qualities
of the people you fall in love with of
the people you sleep with
even of the people you flirt with and
take the first steps
to initiate a relationship with when you
fall in love
with someone you're making a judgment
about
them that they are worthy of your love
that they are lovable that they are
worth loving that they are worth
building
some kind of relationship or life with
i feel that way even if frankly it's a
short-term relationship
i understand that people are driven
to madness by the sense of regret
for the people they have slept with they
have seduced or that they have fallen in
love with
in the past because we don't just regret
the bare fact that we had sex with them
we are reflecting on and we are
regretting
who it is that we ourselves truly are
what it is that we've become what it is
that we accept
who it is that we make excuses for who
it is
we judged to be worth loving
and how that reflects profoundly
on ourselves my sling is editorial
explicit material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me